---
id: 4.0-practice
title: 4.0 Practice
date: 2021-03-31 23:12:50
---

1. Create an input field (in App component) with a change listener which outputs the length of the entered text below it (e.g. in a paragraph).
2. Create a new component (=> ValidationComponent) which receives the text length as a prop
3. Inside the ValidationComponent, either output "Text too short" or "Text long enough" depending on the text length (e.g. take 5 as a minimum length)
4. Create another component (=> CharComponent) and style it as an inline box (=> display: inline-block, padding: 16px, text-align: center, margin: 16px, border: 1px solid black).
5. Render a list of CharComponents where each CharComponent receives a different letter of the entered text (in the initial input field) as a prop.
6. When you click a CharComponent, it should be removed from the entered text.

Hint: Keep in mind that JavaScript strings are basically arrays!

## Dictant

It's time to practice I think to learn about outputting conditional content and lists. And here is your assignment, here your a task.

1. I first of all want you to create input field inside the root app component with a change listener with something output the length of the entered text below it (e.g. in a paragraph).
This is nothing new. This is simply what your learned does far already and about the listener using userInput, rendered it. You probably need state for this. There is nothing conditional or list it about this yet. Little change soon though.

2.
